docs: add paragraph about predicates debugging (#1763)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/sway-program-types/predicates.md

    true
}
```

> ## Debugging predicates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Debugging Predicates
```

> - Because they don't have any side-effects (they are _pure functions_), predicates *cannot* create receipts (which are transactions), and thus cannot have logging or create a backtrace. Which means no native way to debug aside from single-stepping debuggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because they don't have any side effects (they are _pure_), predicates *cannot* create receipts (which are transactions), and thus cannot have logging or create a backtrace. This means that there is no native way to debug them aside from using a single-stepping debugger.
```

> - Because they don't have any side effects (they are _pure_), predicates *cannot* create receipts (which are transactions), and thus cannot have logging or create a backtrace. This means that there is no native way to debug them aside from using a single-stepping debugger.
> - As a workaround, the predicate can be written, tested, and debugged first as a script, and then changed back into a `predicate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because they don't have any side effects (they are _pure_), predicates cannot create receipts. Therefore, they cannot have logging or create a stack backtrace. This means that there is no naive way to debug them aside from using a single-stepping debugger (which is a [work-in-progress](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-debugger/pull/1)).

As a workaround, the predicate can be written, tested, and debugged first as a `script`, and then changed back into a `predicate`.
```

> - Given the above, we suggest that to debug and write _predicates_, you should actually write it  first  in a _script_, and, once it works as expected, move it inside a _predicate_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As a workaround, the predicate can be written, tested, and debugged first as a script, and then changed back into a `predicate`.
```
